.. _feature-overview:

Feature Overview
================

Error Reporting
---------------

- Reports are grouped based on parameters such as *server*, *exception*, or
  *view name*.
- Every report contains the stacktrace that generated it, and you can inspect
  local frame variables from each stacktrace.
- It is possible to attach custom context data to reports.
- Separate occurrences of an error within a group can be inspected.
- Exception trends can be spotted by using the graphing features and
  visualising the data.
- You can see application logs that happen during a specific request.
- You can identify slow calls and get a layered breakdown of request executions.
- You can access all request parameters in exception reports.
- Full-text search reports are available based on filters.
- You can set prioritization rules for your reports.
- You can set report alerts to notify someone immediately if a particular
  problem occurs.


Performance Monitoring
----------------------

- Automatic application performance monitoring once your system is connected
  to |RAE|.
- Slow request are monitored with individual query details, and slow call
  details can be viewed from the interface.
- You can view your application performance metrics and response time
  statistics using filters to breakdown the data.
- You can get insights into different layers of your application including: SQL
  queries, time traces, noSql data stores, cache layers, remote connection
  times, and others.
- You can get a breakdown of the most accessed view in your application, and
  their average response times.
- You can connect multiple servers to the system and filter data base on the
  hostname.
- You can trace the performance of your own functions.
- You can use full-text search to get reports based on server, priority,
  occurrences, average duration, url path, namespace and others.
- You can set prioritization rules for your reports.

In-app Logging
--------------

- You can view external and in-app logs separately.
- Once connected your application will start streaming logs that you can then
  use to generate reports.
- You can filter logs based on server, severity, log contents or
  namespace.
- You can see logs that are being generated by specific requests.

Collaboration Features
----------------------

- You can add many users to your |RAE| instance.
- You can set read/write permissions to team members on a
  per-connected-application basis.
- You can assign reports to team members for review.
- You can leave comments on reports.
